README.md, before:

Clevo-ECView
============
<br />
Clevo ECviewer and FanDuty Controller<br />
<br />
<del>Visual Studio 2010</del><br />
Visual Studio 2013<br />
<br />
Visual C# WPF &amp; <del>Setup Project</del> InstallShield LE Setup Project<br />
<br />
NOTICE: This project is in Chinese(Simplified)<br />
<br />
Update NOTE(WIP):<br />
2014.12.04 Tur.<br />
<br />
1.Update project to VS2012<br />
2.Delete original Visual Studio Setup Project<br />
3.Add InstallShield LE Setup Project<br />
==================================================================<br />
<br />
Release NOTE:<br />
2014.11.30 Sun.<br />
<br />
1.Enable/disable autorun/backrun in Settings<br />
2.Show EC version and baseboard model in main window<br />
3.Show CPU Remote/Local temperatures in main window<br />
4.List all detected fans in main window<br />
5.Set fan duty in fan setting window<br />
6.Auto control mode(bios default)<br />
7.Manuel control mode to set fan duty percentage<br />
8.Intellectual control mode to set fan duty by loading config files<br />
<br />
Intellectual control mode 1:<br />
<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>conf_1.xml<br />
This is the example config file for Intellectual control mode 1.You can<br />
set fan duty percentage with different ranges.<br />
<br />
Intellectual control mode 2:<br />
<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>conf_2.xml<br />
This is the example config file for Intellectual control mode 2.You can<br />
set fan duty percentage added by the CPU temperature(℃) with different<br />
ranges.<br />
<br />
Author： ycrad<br />
E-mail:<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>just4steven@163.com/just4steven@gmail.com

Commit message:

ECView Service DONE using Thread

README.md, after:

Clevo-ECView
============
<br />
Clevo ECviewer and FanDuty Controller<br />
<br />
<del>Visual Studio 2010</del><br />
Visual Studio 2013<br />
<br />
Visual C# WPF &amp; <del>Setup Project</del> InstallShield LE Setup Project<br />
<br />
NOTICE: This project is in Chinese(Simplified)<br />
==================================================================<br />
<br />
Release NOTE:<br />
2014.12.10 Wed.<br />
<br />
1.Update project to VS2013<br />
2.Rewrite methods in DLL<br />
3.Rewrite loop in Windows Service<br />
4.Remove autorun &amp; backrun and use Windows Service instead<br />
5.Now you can add &amp; remove fans(support multifans' control)<br />
6.Other features see the history release(s)<br />
==================================================================<br />
<br />
Update NOTE(WIP):<br />
2014.12.04 Tur.<br />
<br />
1.Update project to VS2012<br />
2.Delete original Visual Studio Setup Project<br />
3.Add InstallShield LE Setup Project<br />
==================================================================<br />
<br />
Release NOTE:<br />
2014.11.30 Sun.<br />
<br />
1.Enable/disable autorun/backrun in Settings<br />
2.Show EC version and baseboard model in main window<br />
3.Show CPU Remote/Local temperatures in main window<br />
4.List all detected fans in main window<br />
5.Set fan duty in fan setting window<br />
6.Auto control mode(bios default)<br />
7.Manuel control mode to set fan duty percentage<br />
8.Intellectual control mode to set fan duty by loading config files<br />
<br />
Intellectual control mode 1:<br />
<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>conf_1.xml<br />
This is the example config file for Intellectual control mode 1.You can<br />
set fan duty percentage with different ranges.<br />
<br />
Intellectual control mode 2:<br />
<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>conf_2.xml<br />
This is the example config file for Intellectual control mode 2.You can<br />
set fan duty percentage added by the CPU temperature(℃) with different<br />
ranges.<br />
<br />
Author： ycrad<br />
E-mail:<span style="white-space:pre">	</span>just4steven@163.com/just4steven@gmail.com
